h1. Flying Sphinx

This library is the code behind the @flying-sphinx@ gem. Its sole purpose is to connect Thinking Sphinx to the "Flying Sphinx Heroku addon":http://addons.heroku.com/flying_sphinx - and so you can just use Thinking Sphinx as normal on Heroku-hosted sites.

h2. Installation and Usage

This is all covered pretty well on "the Flying Sphinx site":http://flying-sphinx.com/docs, but if you're reading this on Github, you're probably keen on using this repository as the source instead of the gem. Here's the code snippet for your @Gemfile@:

<pre><code>gem 'flying-sphinx',
  :git    => 'git://github.com/flying-sphinx/flying-sphinx.git',
  :branch => 'master',
  :ref    => '6b691c2b43'</code></pre>

h2. Compatibility and Limitations

Flying Sphinx is built with support for Rails 2.3.6 and beyond. Sadly, earlier versions of Rails aren't supported due to a requirement of a recent version of Rack deep in the dependency tree.

It works from Ruby 1.8.7 onwards, and on both Heroku's Bamboo and Cedar stacks. You _do_ need to use it with Heroku at this point - allowing others hosting elsewhere to use Flying Sphinx is something I'm considering, but it's not possible right now.

There are limitations with Heroku's setup and Sphinx/Thinking Sphinx functionality - again, the official documentation "covers this":http://flying-sphinx.com/docs#limitations, so have a read there.

h2. Contributing

Patches are indeed welcome - though I understand it's a little tricky to test them thoroughly. It's best to give your changes a spin on your Heroku app that's running Flying Sphinx (and if you don't have one of those, I'm a little confused as to why you're contributing).

API documentation is required - consider this paragraph a placeholder for that.

In the meantime, please keep in mind the following:

* Write tests using RSpec
* Keep your commits in a separate branch
* Don't change the version or History file in your feature branch - makes merging changes much easier.

h2. Contributors

* "Josh Kalderimis":http://blog.cookiestack.com/ for switching the API calls to Faraday, improving the specs, a ton of debugging, and encouraging a versioned API.
* "Paolo Perrotta":http://ducktypo.blogspot.com/ and "Matthew Zikherman":https://github.com/mzikherman for updating dependencies for faraday_middleware.

h2. Licence

Copyright &copy; 2011-2012 Pat Allan, released under an MIT licence.
